docs: update nav (#13547)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/proposals/p014_proposal_process.md

hide_title: true
---

> # Magma Proposals (Design Document)

Reviewer: Same as above

> > **NOTE**: If you are looking for the current process, you probably want [How to Open a Proposal](https://github.com/magma/magma/wiki/Adding-and-Tracking-Proposals). This document describes the process as it was originally proposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: If you are looking for the current process on how to propose a new feature or idea, please check out the [How to Open a Proposal](https://github.com/magma/magma/wiki/Adding-and-Tracking-Proposals) section in the Contributor Guide.
```
